iftarcal -- Iftar signup calendar
Version: 0.2

AUTHOR:  Anees Shaikh
         Copyright (c) 2012, Anees Shaikh
         All rights reserved.

LICENSE

This software is distributed under the GPL v.3 license.  Please see the the accompanying "LICENSE" file for terms.

DESCRIPTION

The iftar signup calendar application allows organizations to provide a web-based management app for community iftar during Ramadan.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

iftarcal has been tested and deployed with PHP 5.2 and MySQL server 5.0 (community edition).

It is recommended to use a tool like phpMyAdmin to simplify creation and setup of the database table for iftarcal.

FILES

  iftar.php         the main application file -- all functions are implemented here
  iftarcal.sql         initialization for the iftarcal database (import using phpMyAdmin)
  iftarcal.css      sample stylesheet for iftar calendar
  iftar.js          javascript checks for signup form -- used in reservedate.php
  events.dat        sample file for special events during the month (do not change the filename) -- see below
  index.php         sample file for rendering the calendar view
  reservedate.php   sample file for rendering signup form
  reserve.php       sample file for processing reservation and printing a confirmation msg
  showassigned.php  sample file for displaying the currently assigned iftar hosts
  mailtest.php      utility file for testing the confirmation emails
  emailconf-[top|bottom].html   sample email confirmation (do not change the filenames -- change content only).
  class.phpmailer.php php class library for sending email (public domain, note copyright info in file)
  
INSTALLATION

1. Set up the iftarcal database using the iftarcal.sql initialization file

2. Modify the configuration parameters at the top of the iftar.php file

3. Modify the email configuration settings in class.phpmailer.php (smtp host, email identity)

4. Make changes to the emailconf-*.html and add your customizations to all the rendered php files (if you use them).

5. Modify events.dat file if you have any special events during the month that would replace the iftar.  The events.dat
file is tab-separated with <fulldate>	<text w/html tags>	<style name in iftarcal.css>.  See the example.


KNOWN ISSUES

o The current version is somewhat tied to having two hosts for each day.  Workaround is to supply the same name in both slots for a single hosts, or list multiple names in a slot for more than 2 hosts

o There is no function in the current version to delete or modify
hosts once they are in the db.  Changes require modifications to the database table directly.  This will be added in later version.



